yo guys exit and welcome to a very cool
video after you guys today so if only
thinking why was not loading last week
well it was because of this app this app
is just so damn addicting I I don't even
know if you have a girlfriend don't get
this app just don't get it I've probably
spent more hours on this app then I have
wanking in the last month anyway guys
the app is called tops kick a lot of you
guys may have heard of it already
allplayer already because a lot of
youtubers have started playing it and I
am so addicted to this God down so it's
basically like match attax where you
collect your compact you collect cards
you're going to see on the screen now
you open packs you correct cards and
there's different rarities of cards and
stuff and it's just so damn sick but
then another feature is they also have a
fantasy football thing going on so
whatever card you get impacts you can
get they have good Leslie your BP on mls
say arsenal playing swansea will show
arsenal playing swansea you can put
Arsenal Swansea players in your team and
then depending on what happens in real
life you get points pace today you can
earn special cards awards it's just so
goddamn sick if you want to download
this bloody amazing app the link is in
the description use that use that unique
link there anyway you're probably
thinking why the hell are you showing me
this at this has got nothing to a FIFA
well you're right but I am going to be
doing something quite cool today so I'm
going to go on to the players pager
these are all the players i am i'm going
to go and write on form in so these
orange cards are kind of special there
that quite rare lot of them are really
rare and I've got Giroud here as you can
see Giroud and hazard in my phone which
are too fucking stick cards so I'm going
to be pink slipping to one of you guys
Giroud hazard but not only that wait for
it wait for it I am also going to be
pink slip in this black card and black
cards are the second hardest cards to
get something
Giroud hazard and still go to one of you
guys who play the game and asked on
Twitter who plays this game these cards
are worth oh I mean oh and they're rare
as fuck trust me so let's get into the
game now on FIFA and hopefully I don't
lose these if you want to see me do more
videos on top skips on pack openings
some more pics it to you guys make sure
you smash 1,000 likes to show me that
you like me doing this so guys this is
my opponents team ok ok I can do a base
got Royce and a very angry to do good
phase I didn't want their help he's
smoking playing on cam yes president
bendable this is your chance this is
your chance to put me 10 up go oh yes
one meal kits in there Benzema is too
good for him mix the bull run straight
for uncle annie is not gonna miss that
one meal to me go all day long Benzema
see the run he's for all go again take
it down Benzema / on Gorgon oh so close
to getting a second already friesland go
by itself griezmann you don't need
anyone's help you don't need anyone's
help Griezmann all the way all he's
missing he's so good at doing I think
he's got night you one dribble
he's stoned and good I Gazette back is
it I too good nice too good he's too
good it's just too easy black is it
agrees with a tearing the show apart
mates keep up keep up keeper oh yeah
that was an easy goal I could I could
have stopped that halftime not bad seven
shot seven on target it's all going good
karim benzema take a pop take a pop
oh my god what just happened what just
happened there Karim bloody Benzema what
a goal what a frickin go mate you know
what I've got a new text on I've got a
new tech city it served a up on the back
that is what that goal was
you
subscribe and stay away weeks